Speak, people, beauty, welcome, but
Brazilians who talk to you and saw 9
and won the video of the new single if it goes
be to talk a little about the
class of shocks that I found to be
fantastic question was that on average the
sensational because I was the one who
shot a bulldog I was amazed by
the power of this pruning shot containing
I then decided to make a video for
you to show her the show some
that if I can go there too because
the movie on which you mount your
plastic from the staff so hopefully
I hope you enjoyed meeting the
fantasy codes for some tips that
There are helping you do not have if you
watching them play code or if they
You play but also watch the
goal videos and I 'm sure because
sometimes you do not comment it did not stay
lost in the day then this is where I go
try to bring a stop to add to
You then what happens to the 12th 12
is very strong in the short-term
reach a faits from very close is
practically a lycra lethal machine
there know what mano technologists in
2035 halloween is on do not know
But like that, you came close to the guy
with shot gun 2 shots analysis sometimes
are a shot is enough for you
kill the guy then practically do not have
the guy's response time if you
get very close to it with optics
so this I found very p inclusive of
code if a lot is op
I think it's unbalanced but at last there's no
specific thing but the gameplay
A general way, but finally, you 'll talk.
about it
in this video I think this can be
a future discussion and Flemish
under the optics and we have four tracks
available in the game
Are they the bulldog you are?
seeing in the background cleaning
we also have this essence mts e
attack 12 they are basically the same
thing only that system attack gives you
smartphones or when you me
to grant its ammunition if it
spread - so is the new rule
generally the two are basically the same
This is the place to talk about bulldogs.
and how do you assemble your class
so come on let's start talking
on the water satellite is the luck
large they have few until one
unlimited amount comparison
other weapons then no I do not like
use mira, I preferred to put the museum
break with the max ex because because the
museum break will give you a little more
batidão greater range damage
the max former course will give you more
conditions of your clip I thought this
It's cool with both of you because you sinned.
It was for you that you got very close.
you die very easy now if
you have a little face apart
you will practically not be able to
kill him no way then the 12
are highly recommended by a
small as the tremor at
fractions and so on those maps that
are more confined you can use and
abusing what you will not do
regret in no way at ease
All beauty, let's go out to the postage
Here the crowd is more delicate.
because as each player has a
preference for a certain type of
ask but I found that for the class
the 12th some prices that were well
better than others like for example
the slate off and it would be for you to recharge
your faster I think it's very
important to 12 why you spend
many sequential bars for example the
bulldog she has a shooting system
symptomatic you give several shots
then the solution ends up
fast and offend slide will be very useful
For you there's another because I think so.
cool would act he said he will give you
speed of movement and why you
You need this because you will be
Running time you have to get close.
the car to kill then why the
people are going to make you
move faster, and also the
marathón that is for you to run and
unlimited you will be able to complete the
whole map you'll run more
Hurry and you'll get a reload more
fast is in tune with the law but five
dots and what do you do with those five
points
in this part I think the stop is going
getting a little more delicate I like
much of a project called should know
why is because you move and
stop the noise is because as you
should know in the codes if you are
very well spaces shots and so the
You should leave if it will help you as I said.
For you, you have to be very p
letter kill edital and tom
I also chose to put in my class
or come early for you to recharge
while you run, also wait for him
increase your riff need jeep
only one summary in the class
I came back for you, you'll run.
the faster you'll run.
unlimited you will recharge
while you run you will recharge
the faster you will not make sounds and the
your rifai will be a little bit longer
I need it and I think it's over
fitting very well with 12 is
including you can opt for stripped
specialist to win more prizes if you
has a cost and how cool and such but who
you can choose the black pack of
and placing a marker had
which will also be very cool because
as well as those on the track even made a
video on the face of the snow if
You want to see the link will be there.
under the inscription for so long
this is practically the opposite of
Snows you get a lot of field
already the shot you have to pull
enough then you can end up dying
too much can sometimes then you are
that you have support ends up being because the
most useful
even more so if you put ballistics and
clothes but this is more or less the
criterion of each one I prefer to play a
little more I think that has to
specialist because it places some
progressives that I think are also
legal to hatch class as per
example there is no parent that I think
pretty fuck I could make a video
all just to talk about the plan
households
but I think it's a price that
It's worth your while and it's worth it.
off the grid is how you are going to stay all over
playing
if you catch a nice strike you will
Yes, do you want to leave the area of 7 years?
will want to stay there practically
invisible to the radars is
being cool and helpful actually is
with this class is a class I
I found it very consistent answers
test you can avoid renewing change
So I 'm passing on to you, it's kind of
a basis for those who do not know the
work that does not know the
knows even digital if you have an idea of
how you assemble your character by
other side the test there I found it
very small when you find a
guys together guys is 56 tj shot
general use
will have a good pressure with the blog I
I have not tried the other shot gun yet
but I think she must be too.
so the bulldog counts pp I confess that
It was a very strong surprise and thought
The state is crap again, it's over.
testing when I still played with
light machine ganz
but if you want the people there like you are
that you do not know if you joão alfredo
Called if you guys watch to win, I do not know.
I know very well what you want my audience
code so I do not know if you
play leaves a comment to childhood
young radio then in the game but I see the
video I do not know myself
are you
I think the good part I hope so
that you liked the video case
You guys, I can not do more
other classes for the other areas
It is also encouraging to do with
time will say thank you very much for being
assisted by you enjoyed it
Did you like to close your I like?
Favorite comments Share this until
Next video a hug was